[SumoLogicCloudSIEM] Remove fields with empty value (#30079)
demisto/content: Packs/SumoLogic_Cloud_SIEM/ReleaseNotes/1_1_19.md

#### Integrations
##### Sumo Logic Cloud SIEM

> - Remove fields with falsy value while cleaning up records

Reviewer: is falsy value mean None?

> - Remove fields having empty list `[]`, empty string `""`, empty tuple `()`, or empty object `{}` as a value.

Reviewer: Please indicate which command or flow the change affects. 
In addition, please add a line to the Docker image update.

Author: I have updated the release notes as per your comments. Please take a look.

#### Integrations
##### Sumo Logic Cloud SIEM

> - Updated flow `fetch-incidents` command.
>     - For each 'signals' object retrieved, remove fields that begin with the 'bro' prefix and have values that are either empty lists `[]`, empty strings `""`, empty tuples `()`, or empty objects `{}`.
> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.75921*.
> - Fixed period issue in the 'description' field in the .yml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For each 'signals' object retrieved from the ***fetch-incidents*** command, remove fields that begin with the 'bro' prefix and have values that are either empty lists `[]`, empty strings `""`, empty tuples `()`, or empty objects `{}`.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.75921*.
```

Author: Done.
